Typos, README instruction and ROS 2 conventions (#193)
ros-planning/navigation.ros.org: setup_guides/odom/setup_odom.rst

 
  sudo apt install ros-<ros2-distro>-gazebo-ros-pkgs

> You can test if you have successfully set up your ROS 2 and Gazebo environments by following the instructions `here <http://gazebosim.org/tutorials?tut=ros2_installing&cat=connect_ros#TestingGazeboandROS 2integration>`_. 

Reviewer: You changed a URL

Author: ```suggestion
You can test if you have successfully set up your ROS 2 and Gazebo environments by following the instructions `here <http://gazebosim.org/tutorials?tut=ros2_installing&cat=connect_ros#TestingGazeboandROS2integration>`_. 
```
